# React 'cars' test

Please create a new git repo (don't fork this one) and follow the instructions below.

Once you have finished, please email us the URL to your repo.

Please make commits as you go (> 1 and < 100) and provide instructions to run the application.

It is expected that you will spend 2-3 hours on the test. 

## The Epic

"As a User, I would like to be able to add, retrieve, update and remove cars to an existing RESTFul API."

## Stories

This epic has been divided into stories ordered by priority (lowest to highest):

1. Create a car
1. List created cars
1. Update a car
1. Delete a car

*Note:* This isn't a test of your design skills.

## The API Docs

The RESTFul API endpoint you need communicate with (using JSON) to store your cars is: 

https://cars-test-service.now.sh/api/car

Note: There is no backend validation to consider/rely on.

Available requests:

1. `POST /api/car` - creates a car from the JSON request body (see fields below)
1. `GET /api/car` - gets a list of all cars
1. `GET /api/car/\[CAR_ID]` - gets an individual car
1. `DELETE /api/car/\[CAR_ID]` - deletes an individual car
1. `UPDATE /api/car/\[CAR_ID]` - updates a car from the JSON request body

The fields for a 'car' should be:

1. `make`  
1. `model` 
1. `colour`  
1. `year` 

The `id` property of a car is auto-generated by the server when creating a car.

### API Authentication

On each request to the API you will need to send authentication in the header:

`authorization: Bearer yournameinlowercase.supersecretecstoken`

NOTE: Please replace "yournameinlowercase" with your name but leave `.supersecretecstoken` as it is..

A cURL example:

```curl -H 'authorization: Bearer myname.supersecretecstoken' https://cars-test-service.now.sh/api/car```

## Subsequent stories

These are stretch goals if you have time (you can do them in any order):

1. Use redux (and optionally sagas) to manage state.
1. Handle user validation (e.g. string length or data-type checks)
1. More tests! (e2e? cypress?)
1. Apply sorting to the list of cars
1. Apply filtering to the list of cars
1. Apply styling to your components (we are interested how you tackle this rather than how it looks).
1. Host you application on some free hosting (e.g. https://zeit.co/)

### Testing

All features should be covered by some tests; what kind of test is up to you, and they don't need to be extensive (we just need an idea of your general approach to testing a react application).

## Limitations

You can use whatever you want to bootstrap the application (e.g. CRA).

You can use whatever online resources you want (aside from copy-pasting large chunks of code).

You are encouraged to use any frameworks or libraries you feel comfortable with.

You will be asked about the code you submit so you should be able to explain why every line is there.

Typescript is fine but not required.
